The Joe Rogan experience. What,
what is your perspective after the
incident versus before the incident? Like how much did it change?
The way you view the world and our place in the world? For.
Me? Um, I, I mean, I always, I never believed that we were alone. It's just me.
I just look up and go there's way too many stars up there for us to be own life.
Right. Um, after it, you know, it makes it a little more clear to go, you know,
one, my questions are, where'd it come from? That's,
that's the biggest one of where'd it come from? What was it doing? Um,
you know, and then I've asked why me, I mean, why <affirmative>,
why did I happen to be, cuz you can say wrong place, wrong time, right?
Or right place.
Right time to see or right place. Right time. Um, for me it was, I,
I think there's more out there and if,
if I could get word out to anyone it's like, you know, especially the,
the debbunkers of one quit trying to debunk it. Cuz it is what it is.
It wasn't a, it wasn't a system glitch. This, I mean,
this was a real incident that happened.
And number two is let's open our aperture a little bit and start thinking
outside of the box. You know, if you go, you know, you look at it and go, Hey,
it's this non-reactive propulsion.
Well it's because when we came up with propulsion, we de we, you know,
the people long before us came up with a reactionary propulsion system and that
became our standard.
We done something different where we developed non-reaction we might look at
something like a gasoline engine go, holy cow, how's that thing work. Right.
We wouldn't have that idea. So, you know, I think there's, you know, if,
if you look at it and go,
people thought Einstein was kind of nuts and we're still proving his theories
today. And what we're learning is that he was right. And, and he was right.
There was a time when the earth was flat, except for some people in California,
the earth isn't flat, it's around <laugh>.
It's not people in.
California, there's all over the place. There's not a nice wall. Um, so,
so when you look at that and you go, you know,
a lot of the stuff that we thought was true, isn't true.
It it's totally been changed. So for me, I just say,
I think let's get outside of the box and go,
if we can develop a technology that would, and,
and I don't look at it from a military standpoint because it would be a game
changer from a military standpoint, technology.
Like that would be a game changer for mankind completely. I mean,
it would literally, uh, everything that we do, you know,
and we don't know exactly, you know, you could do you want that system in a car?
You know, people have trouble driving in two dimensions, let alone three. Right.
You know, they we'd, you know, it it's kinda like your joke last night. I mean,
you can't even handle the vaping thing,
let alone driving a car that goes up down, works in three dimensions. Well.
That was what they originally wanted helicopters to be.
They wanted to be flying cars.
Yeah. You could I, out on the road, you see how people drive like yeah.
And I always laugh because people think, well, we're three dimensional.
Like we know that this table is not the floor,
but really humans are two dimensional people. And you learn that,
especially when we would fight. Um,
if you can really work in the third dimension, which is up and you go, well,
we are three dimension. I go, no, if you look at like a tall building is,
you know, 1700 feet high, the big ones and you go, no, you know,
for an F 18 to do a split us, which is go from up here and just do a vertical,
180 degree turn. So you're going this way and you go down here, um, it's,
it's like 2,500 feet. Mm. And that's tight. That's a turn for a jet. Mmhmm.
You know, unless you're running like vector thrust stuff,
but there's everything has a cost. So if you do some big hiaka,
you bleed off energy, there's a cost associated with that. That to a pilot,
that's three dimensions to most people on earth. You go, no, I'm, you know,
I look at a hill and I don't wanna walk up that thing. Right. You know,
and in an airplane, it's a, it's a totally different thing. So just,
if we just open up that expanse, you know,
for what we're trying to do for technology and go, is there another way,
because we still build, we still build suckers and blowers,
which is a jet engine. Mm-hmm <affirmative> we just refine the internals,
the turbines to get them to be more efficient where I go,
why don't you just put your efforts at someplace else? Like I was talking to,
um, there's a whole realm of physics that it really doesn't get explained.
And it's, uh, I was talking to Steve justice about it.
It's more into the magnetics type side, um,
that we don't, we don't spend a lot of time on. And I know when he said,
when he was working at skunkworks,
he did it sort of called IRAD internal research and development money that he
would fund to try and look at some of these other tech GS for propulsion. And,
uh, you know, he's, he's now since retired, but, uh,
really impressive to talk to him at the level that you can, which is, you know,
for us would be an unclassified level <laugh> um, but you know,
the stuff that goes on behind closed doors, there's reasons for it. You know,
because if a technology like that got out where someone could rapidly reproduce
it after all you've done and you know, or they got it first,
you think of the atomic bomb, you know, Germans almost had it. We got it.
Russians were working on it. We got it. First changed.
The world literally changed the world when we detonated the first one and you
go, I'm not gonna get into the politics behind it, but now we had it.
And now it was the race, everyone else,
because they had to get on equal or because it's a destabilizing thing.
And all of a sudden,
if you develop a technology like this and you keep it to yourself,
you've got something that no one else has. And it's a huge leap. I mean,
it's a quantum leap. Do you, do you share it
because it's, it's a mankind thing or do you keep it for yourself? You know,
and right now it's not for me to decide. I'm just Dave. Well.
It's fascinating that some other method of propulsion
could have been established in some other place. Yeah.
And that we are experiencing it or that you've experienced it.
And some other folks have experienced it in action.
And I, I just, just think for us, as people,
as human beings in 2019,
it's really easy to think that what we have now is so
amazing and that what we have now is the pinnacle of discovery.
And that what we have now is, uh, you know, the,
with our electricity and with our L E D screens and that we are
experiencing like the height of technology, when,
if you are some creature from some other planet that is
got easy access to element one 15 and some gravity propulsion system,
you're looking at us like we're Dick get holes in the side of a mountain to
protect ourself from the rain. We're a cave people.
Yes. Yeah. Well, we do that here on earth. Yeah. I mean,
you look at like a first world, you know, like a United States or, you know,
these, the developed nations, and then you go to some's other and go, you know,
people are still getting their water out of a hole in the ground with a bucket.
Right.
Or people in the rainforest are living these indigenous lifestyles. Yeah.
So, you know, take them something, I mean,
take 'em one of these flat screens down to one of these tribes that mm-hmm,
<affirmative> no one's ever seen and go, Hey, look,
and start showing 'em pictures of ' themselves.
That you're shooting real time or video that's feeding directly into it.
They'll they'll freak out. They'll think it's magic. Whatd you capture my soul.
Right. Um, so it's it's where are we at? And where are we gonna do?
And <affirmative> what can we.
Do? Did it change the way you look at life? I mean, even though you knew that,
or you had this feeling that we were not alone just from looking at the stars
and, but when you actually see the thing, like how, I mean,
I would imagine that that has got to really shift your perspective.
I dunno if it shifted my perspective, but it was more of a, it's a validation,
a confirmation to go, you go, yeah. You know, I've always like, yeah, God,
there's a lot of stars. And then you see something like this and go, well,
maybe we're not, cuz that, that pushes you to the next point to go, you know,
you know, one lands in my front yard,
then I'll be 100% sure that we are not alone. Cuz it's sitting in my front yard.
But I mean, I got within a half mile of this thing, um,
which is people go well, half mile is pretty far away. Again,
not when you're flying an airplane half mile is like really tight.
When they bring you in to have these conversations with high level government
officials, how long are these conversations?
So I went to the I've been down,
I've talked to three different groups of people. This.
Is post the, this is New York, York times article article.
So the New York time article comes out in 2017. Yes. And then our,
our government.
The other pilot that was involved had been to DC multiple times.
This is how kind of I got in touch with Lou. She had called me and said, Hey,
I need to talk to you. So I, I called her and I said, well, what's going on?
She says, Hey, have you been, has anyone called you about the TicTac?
And I said, no. She goes, you know,
I've been to the Pentagon like a half dozen times and they'll take me in and
anywhere from Starbucks to, you know, inside of a vault. And she goes,
and they'll talk to me about the story. And then they'll show me a picture.
Something goes to look like this. And then she gets pretty frustrat and goes,
we call it the TicTac cuz it looked like a TicTac what part you get? I mean,
go get thing at TicTac and.
Look at 'em when they're saying, did it look like this?
They showing actual perhaps that they have.
No, not pictures that they have, but like a video from someone else,
like they'd show the gible video. Oh, Hey look like this. Oh, okay. And,
and it was no, so, and that's when I told her, I said, well just,
just tell this guy that you're talking to just give my name and number. I go,
I'll talk to him. It's not a big deal to me. You know? And that started.
So when we, I got asked, you know, multiple times to go down and talk to,
to people, one of 'em was supposed to be 20 minutes. And these, you know,
these are important people getting 20 minutes of some of these folks,
time is like, that's a huge deal that, so we went in thinking, okay,
we're gonna do the thing in 20 minutes. And then we're in. And uh,
and an hour and a half later we came out. I mean, that's the interest of,
you know, and there were some PE you know, you get the group, you know,
the folks that come in and out, but there's a few, um,
that just sat there and were enamored by what we were saying. Like, you're,
you're joking. We're like, no, this is, this is all real you. I mean,
and these are,
these are pretty senior officials that are taking the time out of their day to
take this serious, to go, you know,
maybe we do need to put a little emphasis on this. I mean, if, if, if literally,
if something can just show up at will and do whatever it wants and I'd probably
at least pay attention. Yeah.
Pay attention. But what could be done? I mean, what could do,
if you were put yourself in a position of one of these high level government
officials, what do you do? Just spend more money on looking at.
Them. Oh, if you look at money though, I mean,
I know when the article came out and they talked about the AIP program that
Harry Reed got funded 22 million over five years. Yeah.
So it's 4.4 million a year and you go, everyone's freaking out, oh,
it's 22 million. I got, no, it wasn't 22 million a year. It was 4.4.
That's not even in the rounding air for the United States.
We just got approved what? It was 750 billion for a defense budget,
750 billion. If you took a hundred million out of that,
it's not even gonna put a dent. And I go, why can't you, you know, if you're,
if you're only spending four,
4.4 million a year and you can actually get some good work done,
cuz you don't need a huge team because you figure, if you look at, I think,
I think what's the number like 10, 15% of all these UFOs.
Like if you look at project, blue book really remained unexplained and you go,
okay, so you can weed out. You know,
you can read out me flying over someone in a campfire and lighten my
afterburners <laugh> uh, so you can go, no, that was Dave being and Dave. Um,
so you can weed that stuff out. Now you go,
now I'm really kind of concentrating the funds, the most important thing.
And I talked to the folks when we were talking,
cause we talked about funding and I said, let me leave you with this. Um,
and I had got some pretty good stuff. I was talking to Chris Meon,
who's a former under secretary and understands how the government works.
It was where he gave me some really good feedback. And I said, I talked to him.
I said, look, I'm all for you guys funding a program.
<affirmative> but what you need to do is fund a program that there's gonna be
oversight over. And when I say oversight, I mean,
because what happens is you go here's money,
but we're gonna distribute in the government.
So we're gonna distribute it to these three different agencies across the United
States government, you know, just call 'em agency a, B and C.
So you give it to them, you know,
and I'll go back to like the nine 11 stuff or we've really answer.
But all the agencies,
weren't talking to each other to put all the pieces together.
And that's my fear that you go, Hey,
we're gonna take a hundred million dollars of tax payer money.
We're gonna fund a program to actually seriously investigate this stuff and look
at the technology.
But there are three different entities working on their own and not talking to
each other. So there's gotta be a joint collaboration to, we go,
we're gonna do it. But you know,
Joe's gonna be in charge and you guys are all gonna play nice in the sandbox
together because we want to get our money's worth because people will raise the,
the fraud waste and abuse flag that we're wasting money on something stupid.
So.